README.md, before:

# Trend Forecast

A web-based visualization tool for ETF trend forecasting analysis.

## Features

- Interactive visualization of SPY ETF price and forecast signals
- Date range selection from 2020 onwards using a range slider
- Forecast signal indicators (-20 to +20 scale)
- Visual indicators for bearish periods (red background when forecast < 0)
- Price chart with linear scale and $1000 interval ticks
- Responsive design that works on desktop and mobile devices

## Technical Details

- Built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- Uses Plotly.js for interactive charting
- Data is fetched from a JSON file generated by XSPYForecast.py
- Automatically updates when new forecast data is available

## Setup

1. Make sure the XSPYForecast.py script has been run to generate forecast_data.json
2. Host the files on a web server or GitHub Pages
3. Access index.html in a web browser

## Data Format

The forecast data is expected in JSON format with the following structure:
```json
{
    "dates": ["YYYY-MM-DD", ...],
    "prices": [number, ...],
    "forecasts": [number, ...],
    "metadata": {
        "instrument": "string",
        "last_update": "YYYY-MM-DD"
    }
}
```

## License

© 2025 Trend Forecast. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Add favicon and update README for favicon instructions

README.md, after:

# Trend Forecast

A web-based visualization tool for ETF trend forecasting analysis.

## Features

- Interactive visualization of SPY ETF price and forecast signals
- Date range selection from 2020 onwards using a range slider
- Forecast signal indicators (-20 to +20 scale)
- Visual indicators for bearish periods (red background when forecast < 0)
- Price chart with linear scale and $1000 interval ticks
- Responsive design that works on desktop and mobile devices
- Custom favicon for the website

## Technical Details

- Built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- Uses Plotly.js for interactive charting
- Data is fetched from a JSON file generated by XSPYForecast.py
- Automatically updates when new forecast data is available

## Setup

1. Make sure the XSPYForecast.py script has been run to generate forecast_data.json
2. Host the files on a web server or GitHub Pages
3. Access index.html in a web browser
4. Add a favicon by placing `favicon.ico` in the root directory

## Data Format

The forecast data is expected in JSON format with the following structure:
```json
{
    "dates": ["YYYY-MM-DD", ...],
    "prices": [number, ...],
    "forecasts": [number, ...],
    "metadata": {
        "instrument": "string",
        "last_update": "YYYY-MM-DD"
    }
}
```

## License

© 2025 Trend Forecast. All rights reserved.
